So I'm taking a fairly low sacrum.
Meaning my fingers come
to this highest part.
Do you feel it there?
I'm not taking the whole sacrum in my hand like this.
I'm taking it low enough so that my finger
reaches this point of the autocortical line.
I have it here,
I tilt and you watch a bit.
I'm going to put a good fulcrum.
a good fulcrum, with my elbow, to
have a good, a good full crew, that's very important,
I'm not creating, I'm not creating torsion like this, that's the danger when we put
the hand further away, our hand, our pelvis is a bit, good
fulcrum, I even put
it well in this axis here, and I have in mind, because I have
my image,
mental of this
autocortical note. All my
knowledge is there.
I put myself, I wait a little bit now,
I put myself, there I'm already observing her
breathing.
I just gently entered another system.
I'm waiting to see.
The system you described to us this morning.
Wait, you feel it's moving a bit, but it's a bit deviated.
Its axis is slightly deviated towards the mouth.
Over there, for her, as we say.
The mouth.
But to the bottom right or not? No, no, like that. Yes, but you start from the bottom right. Yes, I
start from the bottom.
You start from the bottom on the point. Yes, from the
point. It feels like it starts like that.
I put myself there. I
wait, she can already perceive that these are other frequencies.
That's not well said because she doesn't know that.
There's a correction happening very gently.
I lost the movement again, I'm reconnecting.
I wait, I observe her breathing.
The door opens, I enter.
I am in the tissue.
I stay there, I wait.
a small ascent is happening
we can perhaps perceive
something coming
I'm looking like with my laser
to reconnect
with this base
to make just this unity
I talk too much, I lost it
I'm coming back
as we saw
it's a reference line
you saw all this reference
for the genome
for the entirety of the body
for the formation of my posterior median line
of my anterior median line
of the whole calcic side
the whole side
all the calcic force
all the force at the level
of collagen
and elastin
just that
and then we saw
all the power
it has in the organization
even of asymmetry, of polarity
everything that's in there
I'm just looking and we saw that at some point
they are a
this base
and these sacrum
it's not even a sacrum
but a base
it's a movement
and I'm just waiting for
to connect with this wave of life
For now, it's working very gently.
There, I observed her eyes, she's busy doing...
She's looking for all the images passing through her head.
When you say it's working, meaning you don't have the wave yet?
I am currently on a movement, a wave, ascending,
there is something there, and there, for now,
if you look at her eyes, it's working.
For now it's there. And there we see the ocular movement that
is working on the area here.
She's perhaps releasing, I don't know, something for me in a memory
that I don't know, I'm not going to do too much either.
A memory here that can open up. It's like I
am at the heart level.
the heart, the lung, I don't know, we can go, maybe
not go too far, there's a reaction, it's here right away, it comes back down
here, I wait, again
it does its work, there, I start again to go into the ascent,
again something working.
It's passing very gently, I wait. Her breathing just changed, she just
made an oxidative change.
Did you see? Very gently, she made an oxidative change, we
moved to a plane, I wait.
I'm going to put myself back in space, in space.
that we saw this morning
in this other perception
the door opened
there, it's changing
there's a vibration now
there's nothing coming down
it goes down a little bit
but at the same time there's a vibration happening there
at the same time I'm going to go up well
there, right away
we're going to ask, remind me of your name
share the sensation
there I feel it's more
the 7 islands, it beats more
and it's more
a unity
it takes
a certain time, sometimes
it goes very fast, sometimes not, I don't know.
The idea is to have this feeling of homogeneity.
For now, there's something working.
So, I'm still going to
give it a zero point.
To put myself on the zero point
so that it knows what it needs to do
with that. That way, I will have found
really the point, the top and the bottom.
Okay?
That's it.
I'm going to put it here.
At the level of your right hand,
what is the quality?
At the level of my right hand?
My right hand, I remain a fulcrum, but I know I am mobile, so I must be able to make a rule
with water.
I'm listening.
I'm not looking for a particular sensation, I think that's where at some point, there's like something that leaves.
Hop, all of a sudden, I am, and then I can wait.
The system organizes itself.
And there, we haven't gone up, for now, it did that, it went a bit there, it came back there, it worked a little.
It's starting to work at the head level.
you go down
would you mind coming down a little bit
when you say Mark
that you haven't gone all the way
of the process
when you stop
homogeneity and fullness
okay
you don't align yourself with the breathing
you don't wait
you are at the end of inhale or exhale
I did that right away
I immediately went into the end of the exhale
to go into the...
into the embryonic force.
Yes, that...
But when you let go...
The open door, that's what I was saying.
When you let go, you don't calm down in relation to that.
It's homogeneity and the whole.
That's it, always that.
Here, now, to go to this zero point,
finally, the zero point corresponds to what we call the base of the cranium.
So, it corresponds to the articulation between the occiput and the sphenoid.
The SSB.
It's the SSB.
I take the occiput.
And my fingers go on the greater wings of the sphenoid.
And I come to look between the two.
I have the SSB.
Greater wing of the sphenoid.
And then you're at the center of the SSB, you're below, you're above.
I'm looking, I'm on the posterior wall,
as I showed you earlier, at the level of...
And there it's really a point...
I have to go back and find
immobility.
Because it's a point
that was initially created in immobility.
It's the zero point.
Look at it like that.
There, you're not using the open door.
I can always use the open door,
but I'm not looking for movement.
I'm always working,
I'm always observing the breathing.
The door and the sensation behind it.
Don't close your eyes often, osteopaths,
they close their eyes when they work.
Really, we lose 30% of information.
And we have 30% more to dream.
Who here studied psychology?
Which field is he in?
Five?
There is an intermediate field of 4-5.
You have to go deep into the structure.
Look at his gaze, it goes to the limit of the field.
It's not the therapist's gaze.
Is it blocking the throat now? Or is it something else?
There's a small torsion coming on the base here, but I let it happen.
I'm not getting into the lesion at all.
There, I'm careful not to say that I see...
I stay outside.
If I recognize it, hop, I leave.
You just put it in connection.
Just in connection with the vibration.
That's why I asked you the question, if it seemed like something else to me.
There, he tells me well.
Elodie, tell us a little.
I feel like you're everywhere in the skull, actually.
Yes, it's very soft.
Yet, it's precise.
It's precise and not precise.
It's present.
I feel like you've returned to the moment of the wave and the cilia,
and then the small deposit of what you described earlier, no?
Yes, that's it. I'm just looking for that fulcrum.
To make a reference.
You're not looking for it on your SSB base before?
Ultimately, you're focusing your attention on this SSB base?
No, no, it's my fingers.
Yes, your attention in your fingers.
I feel like you're looking for a moment, me.
No, I'm looking for silence.
What did you say?
Yes, that's it.
I am there. I wait. I don't even wait. I
am.
You're moving away from things, that's not bad.
Can you describe the touch?
Super light.
And a listening, you know.
I come from behind, I put myself towards that.
Sacrum, our cortex, remember the story, remember
that.
And then, we gently move to the skull level.
And we're going to look for that.
I come there, meaning I have my occiput.
between the two, and between the two, it's as if
you see, I can
connect to the liver.
But there, there's a point of dynamic
immobility.
I put myself on this point of dynamic immobility.
It takes a little time.
Because we quickly...
You let the body do it.
It's the one that will organize itself.
You trust the principle
of osteopathy.
My idea is that I must be neutral.
So, it will happen that all of a sudden, I will be attracted by something.
I saw you.
I don't enter.
I let it pass.
It's like I turn the pages of a book.
I don't get into the eyes.
I stay on health.
I stay on the blueprint.
Wealthful group.
I do health.
Put almost 30-40% of your attention outside of yourself.
70%
If you put a will, you won't really have access.
It's difficult because we've almost been educated that way.
That's where we have this passage of letting go.
I'm going to help you with breathing, all of a sudden.
Because there, all of a sudden, it's another space.
Will is often the encounter with our ego.
It's not about trying to do well.
Will is sometimes also the so-called
good will. This will,
it is harmful to our work.
Sometimes, this good will leads you to a kind
of self-ignorance. I do some
It's a wonderful thing.
Careful.
It's fantastic.
Ah, it's fantastic.
It's phantasmatic, careful.
Be careful.
You have to leave that notion to go into this reference.
Do you understand what I mean?
It's the embryo that has the power.
This embryo is powerful.
Imagine, look.
who does in the belly, like that, the power of life is connected
to that power.
There, we just give a fulcrum.
If it's necessary, it will take it or it won't.
If it doesn't want to, it won't even look at you.
It's like the whale, it will come, it can even pass by you
and I don't know you had it.
It's not a technique I want to teach you.
Even if it seems like a technique, it's not a technique, that's
the frequency, that's what you need to understand.